Release/v0.110.0 (#1841)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.110.0 [2023-07-13]

_What's new?_

- New tables added
  - [aws_appstream_fleet](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_appstream_fleet) ([#1838](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1838))

_Enhancements_

- Added the `event_topics` and `snapshot_limit` columns to the `aws_directory_service_directory` table. ([#1833](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1833))

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed the `aws_dlm_lifecycle_policy` table to correctly handle the `ResourceNotFoundException` error. ([#1834](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1834))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `aws_dlm_lifecycle_policy` table to correctly return results instead of an error. ([#1834](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1834))
```
